[docs] Remove default prop and improve format (#6781)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/row-grouping/row-grouping.md

<p class="description">Group your rows according to some column values.</p>

For when you need to group rows based on repeated column values, and/or custom functions.

> In the following example groups all movies based on their production `company`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, movies are grouped based on their production `company`:
```

### Hide the grouped columns

By default, the columns used to group the rows remains visible.

> For instance if you group by `"director"`, you have two columns titled _Director_:

Reviewer: UI element labels should be in bold rather than italic.

```suggestion
For instance if you group by `"director"`, you have two columns titled **Director**:
```

- The grouped column (the column from which you grouped the rows)
- The grouping column on which you can toggle the groups

To automatically hide the grouped columns, use the `useKeepGroupedColumnsHidden` utility hook.

> The hook automatically hides the columns when added to the model and show them back when removed from it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hook automatically hides the columns when added to the model, and displays them when removed from it.
```
